Chunk 1:
Mesa Court | UCI Student Housing Housing Options Rates & Payments Rates & Floor Plans Housing Contracts Payment Info Make a Payment Contract Cancellation Community Life Communities Theme Housing Princ

Chunk 2:
ion Community Life Communities Theme Housing Principles of Community Employment & Leadership Health & Safety Policies & Student Conduct Gender-Inclusive Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning Ca

Chunk 3:
ve Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning Campus Links Services Building Maintenance Dining Options Mail & Package Delivery Utilities Housing Tours Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Campus

Chunk 4:
urs Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Campus Housing About Us Contact Us Mission, Vision, Values Maps & Parking Prop 209 Compliance Mesa Court About Mesa Court Mesa Court (one of two Residence H

Chunk 5:
bout Mesa Court Mesa Court (one of two Residence Halls) is a first-year housing community with twenty-nine classic halls and four mid-rise towers. Each residential community has a common space for stu

Chunk 6:
h residential community has a common space for studying and socializing, a small kitchen, and laundry facilities. Most residential communities are mixed-gender, though all-female and gender-inclusive 

Chunk 7:
ed-gender, though all-female and gender-inclusive (see Open House theme hall) options are available. Rates & Floor Plans Mesa Court at a Glance “Mesa Court is truly the Irvine Campus’ oasis. The peopl

Chunk 8:
Court is truly the Irvine Campus’ oasis. The people you meet, the lifelong connections you make, and the opportunities you are exposed to create an inviting atmosphere where you can thrive both academ

Chunk 9:
viting atmosphere where you can thrive both academically and socially.” 29 “Classic” Halls 2,044 total spaces; 55-90 beds per hall Single gender suites 6 rooms per suite Shared bathrooms Hall kitchen 

Chunk 10:
s 6 rooms per suite Shared bathrooms Hall kitchen and living room Laundry Room Study Rooms in many halls No air conditioning available 4 Mid-Rise “Towers” 1,440 total spaces; 338-424 beds per tower Mi

Chunk 11:
ers” 1,440 total spaces; 338-424 beds per tower Mixed gender floors Room pairs share bathroom Study space on every floor Great room with kitchen Laundry facilities in each hall No air conditioning ava

Chunk 12:
ry facilities in each hall No air conditioning available Community Facilities Study pavilion with wifi, group study rooms Fitness & Recreation Mail Room The Anteatery dining commons Zot N Go Express C

Chunk 13:
om The Anteatery dining commons Zot N Go Express Classroom space and Cyber Lounge Volleyball court Basketball courts Map & Parking Virtual Tour Mesa Court Community Photos Meal Plans & Dining Faciliti

Chunk 14:
ourt Community Photos Meal Plans & Dining Facilities All students living in the residence halls are required to hold a meal plan, and each res-hall community has a dining facility that serves three me

Chunk 15:
mmunity has a dining facility that serves three meals a day, Monday-Friday, and two meals a day on Saturday & Sunday. Read more information on Meal Plans. Demographics Approximately 3,400 residents. M

Chunk 16:
ans. Demographics Approximately 3,400 residents. Mostly First- and Second-Year Students.Live-in Resident Advisors in every hall.Live-on full-time Residential Life Coordinators. Theme Communities What 

Chunk 17:
dential Life Coordinators. Theme Communities What are you interested in? Mesa Court themed communities provide opportunities to explore your interests and talents, build relationships, learn and grow 

Chunk 18:
 and talents, build relationships, learn and grow outside the classroom. Live with peers who share your interest in art, music, technology, sustainability issues, outdoor adventure and more! Theme Hou

Chunk 19:
lity issues, outdoor adventure and more! Theme Houses Amenities & Facilities Court Study Pavilion The Court is a 24/7 study space that offers 1 large study area, 1 large quiet study area, 2 reservable

Chunk 20:
study area, 1 large quiet study area, 2 reservable private study rooms (maximum 6 people) and one open study room with wifi. Small Group Study Spaces A variety of study spaces are available for Mesa C

Chunk 21:
A variety of study spaces are available for Mesa Court residents including 2 reservable study rooms (max 6 people) in Conejo and 3 reservable study rooms (max 6 people) in the Mailroom. Laundry Facili

Chunk 22:
oms (max 6 people) in the Mailroom. Laundry Facilities Complimentary washer and dryer are available in each residence hall. Mail Services Letter mail and packages are delivered and distributed daily (

Chunk 23:
and packages are delivered and distributed daily (except holidays) in the mailroom, located in Caballo hall behind The Anteatery. Check with the mailroom attendant to see if you have mail. Packages wi

Chunk 24:
oom attendant to see if you have mail. Packages will be processes by the mailroom and residents will be notified by email when it is ready for pick-up. All letter mail and packages not picked up by Fr

Chunk 25:
. All letter mail and packages not picked up by Friday of finals by 5pm Spring quarter will automatically be returned to sender. No exceptions. Printing services are also available in the Mailroom thr

Chunk 26:
ng services are also available in the Mailroom through WEPA printing. Reserve a Space Today! Kitchens Although meal plans are included in the residence hall housing contract, a small kitchen is availa

Chunk 27:
e hall housing contract, a small kitchen is available for preparing late-night snacks or other treats. The kitchen is furnished with a stove, oven, full-size refrigerator, and microwave. Anyone using 

Chunk 28:
ll-size refrigerator, and microwave. Anyone using kitchen facilities are expected to clean up after themselves. Mesa Court Compost Brochure Recreation/Fitness The fitness area comes equipped with card

Chunk 29:
/Fitness The fitness area comes equipped with cardio and strength training machines, free weights and more. The Recreation Center is equipped with ping pong tables, a pool table, TV and gaming systems

Chunk 30:
g pong tables, a pool table, TV and gaming systems, and board games.Your RA may reserve intramural sports equipment for your hall as well. Contact & Community Hours Mesa Court Housing Office The Mesa 

Chunk 31:
ommunity Hours Mesa Court Housing Office The Mesa Court Housing Office is where you can find professional staff offices and a wealth of information on the Mesa Court community and UC Irvine campus res

Chunk 32:
 the Mesa Court community and UC Irvine campus resources. Our front desk staff can assist you with key badge-related issues (eg. lock-outs) and other information and service needs. Information about r

Chunk 33:
information and service needs. Information about room changes and contract cancellations Lockout assistance and replacement key badges Lost and found General information about events in Mesa Court and

Chunk 34:
General information about events in Mesa Court and on campus Appointments with Housing Staff Contact Information 4053 Mesa Road, Irvine, CA 92697-3925 (949) 824-6177mesacourt@uci.edu Mon – Fri Saturda

Chunk 35:
 (949) 824-6177mesacourt@uci.edu Mon – Fri Saturday Sunday Housing Office 8 a.m. –9 p.m. 12 p.m. –9 p.m. 12 p.m. –9 p.m. Community Center Closed (Under Construction) Closed (Under Construction) Closed

Chunk 36:
r Construction) Closed (Under Construction) Closed (Under Construction) Mailroom 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. Fitness Center 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30

Chunk 37:
enter 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. The Court (study) 24 Hours 24 Hours 24 Hours Closed all federal and university holidays. Changes in hours during the summer and breaks

Chunk 38:
ays. Changes in hours during the summer and breaks will be posted at the Housing Office. Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Espanol? Staff Resources UCI Homepag

Chunk 39:
licies ¿Habla Espanol? Staff Resources UCI Homepage FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Español? UCI Homepage Resources UCI Housin

Chunk 40:
 ¿Habla Español? UCI Homepage Resources UCI Housing Gateway Report Acts of Intolerance Campus Free Speech Policy Off-Campus Housing Staff Resources UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Chunk 41:
I Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uc

Chunk 42:
p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu FollowFollowFollow Copyright © 2026 UC Regents.All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy A division of

Chunk 43:
of

