Chunk 1:
Middle Earth | UCI Student Housing Housing Options Rates & Payments Rates & Floor Plans Housing Contracts Payment Info Make a Payment Contract Cancellation Community Life Communities Theme Housing Pri

Chunk 2:
ation Community Life Communities Theme Housing Principles of Community Employment & Leadership Health & Safety Policies & Student Conduct Gender-Inclusive Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning 

Chunk 3:
sive Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning Campus Links Services Building Maintenance Dining Options Mail & Package Delivery Utilities Housing Tours Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Camp

Chunk 4:
Tours Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Campus Housing About Us Contact Us Mission, Vision, Values Maps & Parking Prop 209 Compliance Middle Earth About Middle Earth Middle Earth (one of two Res

Chunk 5:
th About Middle Earth Middle Earth (one of two Residence Hall communities) is not only a place where Hobbits live in J.R.R. Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings trilogy, it is also a housing community at UC Ir

Chunk 6:
s trilogy, it is also a housing community at UC Irvine! Centrally located just off of Ring Road between Social Science and Engineering. Most residential communities are mixed-gender, though all-female

Chunk 7:
al communities are mixed-gender, though all-female and gender-inclusive (see Open House theme hall) options are available. Rates & Floor Plans Middle Earth at a Glance 24 “Classic” Residence Hall Comm

Chunk 8:
Earth at a Glance 24 “Classic” Residence Hall Communities 1,784 total spaces; 48-96 occupied beds per hall 5-10 rooms per suite Shared single-gender and gender-inclusive bathrooms Hall kitchen and liv

Chunk 9:
nd gender-inclusive bathrooms Hall kitchen and living room No air conditioning available Mid-Rise “Tower” 640 total spaces 5 mixed-gender floors Room pairs share bathroom Study space on every floor “L

Chunk 10:
pairs share bathroom Study space on every floor “Link Lounge” and kitchen centrally connect community Laundry facilities on each floor No air conditioning available Community Facilities Brandywine Din

Chunk 11:
ning available Community Facilities Brandywine Dining Commons Arkenstone Study Lounge Bucklebury Study Lounge Group study rooms Classroom space Convenience store Basketball court Pippin Recreation Cen

Chunk 12:
ience store Basketball court Pippin Recreation Center Private gym “Living in Middle Earth is like a dream come true: Convenient on-campus location, friendly staff and residents, and everyone comes to 

Chunk 13:
iendly staff and residents, and everyone comes to eat lunch or dinner here – What more could you ask for?” Map & Parking Virtual Tour Explore Middle Earth Meal Plans & Dining Facilities All students l

Chunk 14:
arth Meal Plans & Dining Facilities All students living in the residence halls are required to hold a meal plan, and each res-hall community has a dining facility that serves three meals a day, Monday

Chunk 15:
ing facility that serves three meals a day, Monday-Friday, and two meals a day on Saturday & Sunday. More information here. Demographics Approximately 2400 residents. Mostly First- and Second-Year Stu

Chunk 16:
 2400 residents. Mostly First- and Second-Year StudentsMixed-gender, all-female, and gender-inclusive communitiesLive-in Resident Advisor in each communityLive-on full-time Residential Life Coordinato

Chunk 17:
unityLive-on full-time Residential Life Coordinators Theme Communities What are you interested in? Themed communities provide opportunities to explore your interests and talents, build relationships, 

Chunk 18:
 your interests and talents, build relationships, learn and grow outside the classroom. Live with peers who share your interests or explore new interests in of of the general interest halls. All resid

Chunk 19:
sts in of of the general interest halls. All residents have the opportunity to participate in First Year Initiative (FYI) Programs that support academic success, community involvement, and personal we

Chunk 20:
ic success, community involvement, and personal wellness. Theme Houses Amenities & Facilities Study Lounges ARKENSTONE STUDY LOUNGE is a 24/7 study space. BUCKLEBURY STUDY LOUNGE is a 24/7 study and m

Chunk 21:
ace. BUCKLEBURY STUDY LOUNGE is a 24/7 study and multipurpose space. Oftentimes, events for students take place here. For instance, we offer programs that promote student-faculty interactions, so it i

Chunk 22:
that promote student-faculty interactions, so it is common to see faculty here at night for different programs. NIENNA is a 24/7 study space located in the Laurelin-Telperion Tower. WELLINGHALL STUDY 

Chunk 23:
n the Laurelin-Telperion Tower. WELLINGHALL STUDY PAVILLION is a 24/7 study and multipurpose space located in the Laurelin-Telperion Tower. Study Classrooms ATHELAS CLASSROOM i is located on the first

Chunk 24:
srooms ATHELAS CLASSROOM i is located on the first floor, inside the Wellinghall Study Pavillion. It will be used as a location for events and quarterly classes hosted for Middle Earth residents. Smal

Chunk 25:
ly classes hosted for Middle Earth residents. Small Group Study Spaces In addition to the study lounges, smaller group study spaces are available on the second floor of Laurelin-Telperion Tower. Keys 

Chunk 26:
he second floor of Laurelin-Telperion Tower. Keys can be checked out from the Middle Earth Housing Office. Pippin Mail, Recreation, and Fitness Center Pippin is one of the main hubs of service for res

Chunk 27:
 Pippin is one of the main hubs of service for residents. In addition to mail services, our Recreation area includes music practice rooms, a large dance room, lounge space, gaming space, and a fitness

Chunk 28:
ce room, lounge space, gaming space, and a fitness center equipped with treadmills, free weights, yoga mats, and more. Kitchens Although meal plans are required in the residence hall housing contract,

Chunk 29:
e required in the residence hall housing contract, a small kitchen is available for preparing late-night snacks or other treats. The kitchen is furnished with a stove, oven, full-size refrigerator, an

Chunk 30:
hed with a stove, oven, full-size refrigerator, and microwave. Middle Earth Compost Brochure Dome of Stars Multipurpose Room Dome of Stars is home to events offered by the Middle Earth and Residential

Chunk 31:
events offered by the Middle Earth and Residential Housing Association (RHA) staff. Laundry Facilities Complimentary washer and dryer are available in each residence hall. Hydration Stations There are

Chunk 32:
 each residence hall. Hydration Stations There are hydration stations (filtered water dispensers) located in each hall and across from Bucklebury Study Lounge. Contact & Community Hours Middle Earth H

Chunk 33:
y Lounge. Contact & Community Hours Middle Earth Housing Office The Middle Earth Housing Office is where you can find professional staff offices and a wealth of information on the Middle Earth communi

Chunk 34:
 wealth of information on the Middle Earth community and UC Irvine campus resources. Our front desk staff can assist you with key badge-related issues (eg. lock-outs) and other information and service

Chunk 35:
 (eg. lock-outs) and other information and service needs. Lockout assistance and replacement key badges Information about room changes and contract cancellations Lost and found General information abo

Chunk 36:
ncellations Lost and found General information about events in Middle Earth and on campus Appointments with Housing Staff Contact Information 529 East Peltason Drive, Irvine, CA 92697-5521(949) 824-59

Chunk 37:
 Peltason Drive, Irvine, CA 92697-5521(949) 824-5976middleearth@uci.edu Mon – Fri Saturday Sunday Housing Office 8 a.m. – 9 p.m. 12 p.m. – 9 p.m. 12 p.m. – 9 p.m. Arkenstone &Bucklebury (study) 24 Hou

Chunk 38:
.m. – 9 p.m. Arkenstone &Bucklebury (study) 24 Hours 24 Hours 24 Hours Pippin Mail, Recreation & Fitness Center 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. Closed all federal and unive

Chunk 39:
. 9:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. Closed all federal and university holidays. Changes in hours during the summer and breaks will be posted at the Housing Office. Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account

Chunk 40:
Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Espanol? Staff Resources UCI Homepage FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housi

Chunk 41:
Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Español? UCI Homepage Resources UCI Housing Gateway Report Acts of Intolerance Campus Free Speech Policy Off-Campus Housing Staff R

Chunk 42:
mpus Free Speech Policy Off-Campus Housing Staff Resources UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8

Chunk 43:
sing@uci.edu UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu FollowFollowFollow Copyright © 2026 UC Regents.All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy 

Chunk 44:
26 UC Regents.All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy A division of

