Chunk 1:
First-Year | UCI Student Housing Housing Options Rates & Payments Rates & Floor Plans Housing Contracts Payment Info Make a Payment Contract Cancellation Community Life Communities Theme Housing Princ

Chunk 2:
ion Community Life Communities Theme Housing Principles of Community Employment & Leadership Health & Safety Policies & Student Conduct Gender-Inclusive Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning Ca

Chunk 3:
ve Housing Sustainability ALL – Living-Learning Campus Links Services Building Maintenance Dining Options Mail & Package Delivery Utilities Housing Tours Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Campus

Chunk 4:
urs Family Resource Center Zot Exchange Off Campus Housing About Us Contact Us Mission, Vision, Values Maps & Parking Prop 209 Compliance First-Year Housing Rates Theme Housing Housing Guarantee Fresh

Chunk 5:
ousing Rates Theme Housing Housing Guarantee Freshmen enrolling for fall 2026 are eligible for two years of on-campus housing if the housing application is completed by May 15, 2026. The Statement of 

Chunk 6:
on is completed by May 15, 2026. The Statement of Intent to Register must be submitted (by May 1, 2026) to access the housing application. The fall 2026 housing application opens on March 1, 2026. Hou

Chunk 7:
26 housing application opens on March 1, 2026. Housing contracts must be completed by the stated deadline, and students must live on campus for their entire first year to qualify for guaranteed housin

Chunk 8:
entire first year to qualify for guaranteed housing in the second year. How to Apply A MUST WATCH: STATEMENT OF INTENT TO REGISTER (SIR) Congratulations on your admission to UC Irvine! Before you can 

Chunk 9:
ns on your admission to UC Irvine! Before you can apply for housing, accept your offer of admission in your Admitted Student Portal. (Please accept your admission at least 24 hours before the housing 

Chunk 10:
ur admission at least 24 hours before the housing application deadline to allow time for Housing to receive your positive admission record.) EXPLORE YOUR HOUSING OPTIONS Browse the housing options bel

Chunk 11:
OUR HOUSING OPTIONS Browse the housing options below or visit our Housing Tours page to learn more about our accommodations. Be sure to check the Housing Rates page for costs associated with your hous

Chunk 12:
ing Rates page for costs associated with your housing options. SUBMIT A HOUSING APPLICATION Complete a UCI Freshman Housing Application beginning March 1st at 8:00 AM. The Freshmen Guarantee Housing a

Chunk 13:
h 1st at 8:00 AM. The Freshmen Guarantee Housing application deadline is May 15th. No application fee required. Housing offers will begin in mid/late May for Freshmen students who apply by the May 2nd

Chunk 14:
May for Freshmen students who apply by the May 2nd deadline and will continue as long as space remains available. COMPLETE YOUR HOUSING CONTRACT All Housing offer notifications are sent via email. Ple

Chunk 15:
ousing offer notifications are sent via email. Please read carefully and follow all instructions given, paying special attention to payment/fee requirements and deadlines that must be met. LET US KNOW

Chunk 16:
ements and deadlines that must be met. LET US KNOW ABOUT YOUR PREFERENCES You will have the opportunity to submit a Personal Information Form detailing your housing preferences, such as community, the

Chunk 17:
g your housing preferences, such as community, theme hall, and roommate choices with your housing contract. OBTAIN RENTERS INSURANCE All Housing residents must obtain a Renters Insurance policy prior 

Chunk 18:
ents must obtain a Renters Insurance policy prior to Move-In. Learn about coverage requirement details and purchase options on the Renters Insurance webpage. RECEIVE YOUR HOUSING ASSIGNMENTS Housing a

Chunk 19:
ebpage. RECEIVE YOUR HOUSING ASSIGNMENTS Housing assignments will be e-mailed by the second week of September. Move-in information will be available online early September. Check out the What to Bring

Chunk 20:
nline early September. Check out the What to Bring page for packing tips. Housing Options Middle Earth Mesa Court Important Dates March 1 Freshman housing application opens April 18 Celebrate UCI May 

Chunk 21:
sing application opens April 18 Celebrate UCI May 15 Freshman housing application deadline 11:59 p.m. (Pacific) Mid to Late May Freshman housing applicants receive their housing contract offers (by em

Chunk 22:
cants receive their housing contract offers (by email) Early September Room/roommate assignments are sent out (by email) along with move-in information Mid to Late September Move-in weekend News & Upd

Chunk 23:
n Mid to Late September Move-in weekend News & Updates Freshman Guaranteed Housing Application Deadline Extended The First Year Freshman housing guarantee deadline has been extended to May 15, 2026, 1

Chunk 24:
ntee deadline has been extended to May 15, 2026, 11:59 PM Pacific Time. Building Community at UC Irvine Student Housing UC Irvine’s student housing boom delivers affordability and opportunity (UC Irvi

Chunk 25:
om delivers affordability and opportunity (UC Irvine News), February 18, 2026 Disability Accommodations UC Irvine Student Housing works in close partnership with the UCI Disability Services Center. If

Chunk 26:
ership with the UCI Disability Services Center. If you have a disability that may impact your on-campus housing needs, complete the DSC Intake Form, and a DSC Counselor will contact you to discuss you

Chunk 27:
nd a DSC Counselor will contact you to discuss your needs. Any housing accommodations that are required will be shared by the DSC office with Student Housing. Off-Campus Housing Living on-campus offer

Chunk 28:
Housing. Off-Campus Housing Living on-campus offers many advantages, but it is not required. For help finding housing off campus, visit the Off-Campus Housing page. Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Ord

Chunk 29:
 Housing page. Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Espanol? Staff Resources UCI Homepage FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zo

Chunk 30:
owFollow Quick Links Maps & Parking Work Orders Zot Account Housing Policies ¿Habla Español? UCI Homepage Resources UCI Housing Gateway Report Acts of Intolerance Campus Free Speech Policy Off-Campus 

Chunk 31:
 Intolerance Campus Free Speech Policy Off-Campus Housing Staff Resources UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu UCI Student Housing Mo

Chunk 32:
949-824-6811housing@uci.edu UCI Student Housing Monday to Friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Laurelin HallSuite 2301 949-824-6811housing@uci.edu FollowFollowFollow Copyright © 2026 UC Regents.All Rights Reserved. 

Chunk 33:
 Copyright © 2026 UC Regents.All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy A division of

